[Music]
hey how's it going guys this is Dave 2d
and today we're taking a look at the GE
62 VR from MSI this is their entry-level
15-inch gaming laptop it's been updated
with some nice features including the
GTX 1060 so not much has changed on the
exterior it's got the same black brushed
aluminum top panel with a plastic
chassis and a plastic bottom panel the
overall build quality on the laptop is
OK the screen is pretty flexible you
want to be careful about putting too
much weight on the laptop the screen
hinge itself is also a little stiff it's
not easy to open it one-handed the
chassis however is good the keyboard
area is aluminum and it's actually quite
stiff the keys are great to type on MSI
consistently has nice keyboards and this
one doesn't disappoint good key travel
with nice spacing it has SteelSeries
lighting it's not individually lit keys
but it's still cool to be able to
customize colors if you use your windows
key a lot keep in mind that it's on the
right side on this keyboard the trackpad
is mediocre it's plastic and it's
texture to match the brushed metal of
the palm rest
it doesn't use native windows drivers it
uses eland drivers so tracking is
imperfect but the texture is what gets
me the most there's friction going from
side to side but not up and down so it's
a little bit weird the physical buttons
are nice though good activation pressure
not too loud good click eNOS I like them
four ports it has individual audio jacks
a USB C but there's no Thunderbolt 3
support a pair of USB threes display
outputs Ethernet and on the other side
we have USB 2 and an SD slot the
internals can be accessed by removing a
bunch of screws it has one of those
warranty void if tampered stickers but
who cares right
this unit has 16 gigs of RAM a one
terabyte hard drive and an m2 SSD drive
speeds are good I was worried they drop
a slow drive in here but it's actually
pretty good the 51 watt hour battery is
relatively small and it's partially
because the optical drive takes up so
much space in there and I get it it's
not something I use anymore but there's
still quite a few number of people in
this world that use optical media for
their games but because of it the
battery life is relatively short as well
the CPU is a sky like 6700 HQ we've seen
this chip a lot it has very good mobile
performance
this laptop is rocking a GTX 1060 and
the performance is really nice running
at the native 1080p screen resolution
moderately demanding games like Rainbow
six siege will break 100 frames per
second on ultra graphics setting
overwatch has the same thing going on if
you're playing on Ultra at 1080p you're
hovering around 100 frames per second
basically any kind of light to
moderately demanding title plays very
comfortably on this card witcher 3 will
still be around 60 frames per second on
high graphics settings but if you want
to play it on ultra graphics it'll be
closer to 45 frames per second so
overall I think the GTX 1060 is a great
fit for current generation gaming and of
course it's VR ready so if that's your
jam you're good to go
the display is a 15.6 inch IPS panel
there is a 4k option if you're a content
creator the 1080p panel is reasonably
bright and the panel overall is nice
matte finish
good color accuracy great viewing angles
my unit has a little bit of light bleed
on the top right but it's very mild and
it's not something I really care about
the previous generation of the ge62 had
great performance but it didn't have
great thermal management msi has changed
a couple things and now has two extra
heat pipes and it makes a huge
difference this updated model has lower
temperatures and it's a bit more
comfortable to use on a table and on
your lap fan noise is not bad it's
pretty quiet on idle and under load it's
pretty average for a 15-inch gaming
laptop it's audible but it's not super
loud or anything the speakers are
unchanged from the previous generation
it's got a pair of speakers on each side
and a small subwoofer the audio stays
clean when it's loud the bass still
isn't great I mean it's a very small sub
but the overall sound is pretty good
alright the msi ge62 VR starts at around
$1500 us it's made with a mix of
aluminum and plastics ok build quality
the 1080p screen is pretty bright and
has a good image the keyboard is really
nice with customisable RGB lighting
zones the trackpad is not as nice on the
inside the skylight 6700 HQ and the GTX
1060 deliver great performance and with
the addition of the 2 extra heat pipes
they are properly cooled now there are
16 gigs of ram a 2 and half inch drive
bay and a single empty slot all of them
are easily accessed for upgrades and
lastly there's a 51 watt hour battery
that'll get you around 3
hours of battery-life so if you're
looking for a Pascal based laptop the
ge62 VR will give you great value the
GTX 1060 has great performance and the
components all around are pretty good
the build quality is average but if
you're looking for the best performance
for your dollar
this laptop should be on your shortlist
that's the end of this video hope you
guys liked it thumbs if you did subs if
you loved it it's been nice see you guys
next time
[Music]